task.md, before:

# Tasks

- [x] Generate logo for Day One Cloud <!-- id: 0 -->
- [x] Create SVG version of the logo <!-- id: 1 -->
- [x] Fix SVG loading issue by simplifying code <!-- id: 2 -->
- [x] Plan website structure and content <!-- id: 3 -->
- [x] Create implementation plan <!-- id: 4 -->
- [x] Scaffold website files (HTML/CSS/JS) <!-- id: 5 -->
- [x] Implement Hero section <!-- id: 6 -->
- [x] Implement Services section <!-- id: 7 -->
- [x] Implement About section <!-- id: 8 -->
- [x] Implement Contact section <!-- id: 9 -->
- [x] Add animations and polish <!-- id: 10 -->
- [x] Match logo background to page background <!-- id: 11 -->
- [x] Increase logo size further <!-- id: 12 -->
- [x] Create logo with transparent background <!-- id: 13 -->
- [x] Maximize logo symbol size within image <!-- id: 14 -->
- [x] Add slogan to page header <!-- id: 15 -->
- [x] Update contact form to match day-one-cloud-preview-v1 <!-- id: 16 -->
- [x] Implement AJAX form submission with inline success message <!-- id: 17 -->
- [ ] Deploy changes to Netlify <!-- id: 18 -->

Commit message:

Remove Thank You heading and refine success message alignment

task.md, after:

# Tasks

- [x] Generate logo for Day One Cloud <!-- id: 0 -->
- [x] Create SVG version of the logo <!-- id: 1 -->
- [x] Fix SVG loading issue by simplifying code <!-- id: 2 -->
- [x] Plan website structure and content <!-- id: 3 -->
- [x] Create implementation plan <!-- id: 4 -->
- [x] Scaffold website files (HTML/CSS/JS) <!-- id: 5 -->
- [x] Implement Hero section <!-- id: 6 -->
- [x] Implement Services section <!-- id: 7 -->
- [x] Implement About section <!-- id: 8 -->
- [x] Implement Contact section <!-- id: 9 -->
- [x] Add animations and polish <!-- id: 10 -->
- [x] Match logo background to page background <!-- id: 11 -->
- [x] Increase logo size further <!-- id: 12 -->
- [x] Create logo with transparent background <!-- id: 13 -->
- [x] Maximize logo symbol size within image <!-- id: 14 -->
- [x] Add slogan to page header <!-- id: 15 -->
- [x] Update contact form to match day-one-cloud-preview-v1 <!-- id: 16 -->
- [x] Implement AJAX form submission with inline success message <!-- id: 17 -->
- [x] Deploy changes to Netlify <!-- id: 18 -->
- [x] Remove "Thank You!" and align success message design <!-- id: 19 -->
